= README

Welcome to Receprocity!

www.reciperocity.co

Reciperocity started as a very simple application that I created for an early homework assignment at 
The Iron Yard. I shared it with my best friend, who throws an anual large-scale potluck party. She's 
constantly frustrated with the amount of guests who every year ask her what they should bring, or what
everyone else is bringing. We brainstormed ways this simple app could take care of all those logistics for her,
or for anyone else throwing any sort of potluck party. Reciperocity is now the solution.

== On This Site You Can:

===Create Recipes
Click the dish icon, and choose new recipe. Put each instruction on it's own line, each line
becomes a bullet pointed item. Seperate tags by commas. If you don't choose to upload your own image, a placeholder is
generated. 

===Email any Recipe's Ingredient List to Anyone
Find this feature on the recipe's main page. Perfect for sending someone else to the grocery store.

===Fork a Recipe
Make a variation on any recipe with the click of a button.

===Create a Cookbook 
Keep all your favorite recipes in one place. Add a recipe to your cook book on the recipe's main page by clicking 
the cookbook icon on the sidebar

===Create a Potluck
Now that you have all your recipes on the site, it's time to start inviting your friends to your potluck party. Simply click
on the pot icon on the sidebar and choose to start a new potluck. Choose a name and start inviting your friends. They will
recive an email invitation with a link to your potluck with the option to join. From the recipe page, users can choose to add
that recipe to any of the potlucks they're attending. All members of the potluck can view the dishes coming to the potluck in
the Recipes Attending column. 





